# OpenNav
 Open NAV aims to revolutionize campus navigation at OUSL Nawala through a userfriendly mobile application. This project proposes an innovative solution to simplify and enhance the campus experience for students.  Project Title Project Title - Open NAV: Enhancing University Navigation at OUSL Nawala As students undertaking the development of navigation mobile application, we would like to thank everyone to those who have supported and contributed to the project. First and foremost, we would like to thank our university instructors and mentors for their leadership, inspiration, and unwavering support in this journey. Their expertise and guidance have been instrumental in shaping our understanding and our approach to this project. We are immensely grateful to our fellow students for participating in this project and contributing their varied talents, perspectives, and teamwork. Their passion and commitment have been essential in developing a collaborative and innovative atmosphere. We also thank outside professionals and experts for their support and advice, which allowed us to add a variety of viewpoints and areas of expertise to our project. The project reflects our team’s commitment and teamwork, and it would not have been possible without everyone’s support  Introduction In today’s fast paced world, navigation is more important than ever. Whether we’re commuting to work, running errands, or exploring new places, we rely on maps and directions to get us where we need to go. We are proposing an Android mobile application designed to help the people to navigate the OUSL (OPEN UNIVERSITY OF SRI LANKA – NAWALA) and increase their familiarity with the locations of departments, labs, administration offices, faculties and other university facilities. It would allow users to search for buildings or other locations. This app should be especially helpful for university students and other individuals who frequently visit the campus, but it would also be beneficial for visitors and new students who are unfamiliar with the campus. We believe that our proposed navigation mobile app will be a valuable resource for users who are looking for a more accurate, user-friendly, and personalized navigation experience.
